README.md, before:

# Radiophonics WebAudio API demo

This repo contains the source code to build the BBC Radiophonics
[demonstration website](http://webaudio.prototyping.bbc.co.uk).

![](screenshot.png)

# Prerequisites

# Install

To build the site yourself, you need to have the following software installed:

* Node.js
* Python
* Ruby

Install the package dependencies:

```bash
bundle install
npm install
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# Build

Use [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org/) to compile the JavaScript sources:

```bash
make build
```

Generate the annotated source documentation using [docco](https://jashkenas.github.io/docco/) with:

```bash
make doc
```

# Develop

And then build and serve the site using [stasis](https://github.com/winton/stasis):

```bash
make serve
```

The site will be available on [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

# WebAudio Components

## Gunfire

- [gunfire.coffee](src/gunfire.coffee)

![](img/readme-gunfire.png)

## Ring Modulator

- [ring-modulator.coffee](src/ring-modulator.coffee)

![](img/readme-ring-modulator.png)

## Tape Loops

- [tapeloops.coffee](src/tapeloops.coffee)

![](img/readme-tapeloops.png)

## Wobbulator

- [wobbulator.coffee](src/wobbulator.coffee)

![](img/readme-wobbulator.png)

# Components

## Knob

- [knob.coffee](src/knob.coffee)

## Speech Bubble

- [speechbubble.coffee](src/speechbubble.coffee)

## Switch

- [switch.coffee](src/switch.coffee)

# License

> Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
>
> Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
> you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
> You may obtain a copy of the License at
>
>     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
>
> Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
> distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
> WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
> See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
> limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Added license and updated ReadMe

README.md, after:

# BBC Radiophonics Workshop Web Audio API demo

This repo contains the source code for our project to [recreate the sound of the BBC Radiophonic Workshop using the Web Audio API](http://webaudio.prototyping.bbc.co.uk). You can read more about the project on the BBC R&D blog [here](http://www.bbc.co.uk/rd/blog/2012-05-web-audio-radiophonics-1), [here](http://www.bbc.co.uk/rd/blog/2012-07-web-audio-radiophonics-2), and [here](http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/researchanddevelopment/2012/11/audio-on-the-web---explore-the.shtml).

![](screenshot.png)

# Prerequisites

# Install

To build the site yourself, you need to have the following software installed:

* Node.js
* Python
* Ruby

Install the package dependencies:

```bash
bundle install
npm install
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# Build

Use [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org/) to compile the JavaScript sources:

```bash
make build
```

Generate the annotated source documentation using [docco](https://jashkenas.github.io/docco/) with:

```bash
make doc
```

# Develop

And then build and serve the site using [stasis](https://github.com/winton/stasis):

```bash
make serve
```

The site will be available on [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

# WebAudio Components

## Gunfire

- [gunfire.coffee](src/gunfire.coffee)

![](img/readme-gunfire.png)

## Ring Modulator

- [ring-modulator.coffee](src/ring-modulator.coffee)

![](img/readme-ring-modulator.png)

## Tape Loops

- [tapeloops.coffee](src/tapeloops.coffee)

![](img/readme-tapeloops.png)

## Wobbulator

- [wobbulator.coffee](src/wobbulator.coffee)

![](img/readme-wobbulator.png)

# Components

## Knob

- [knob.coffee](src/knob.coffee)

## Speech Bubble

- [speechbubble.coffee](src/speechbubble.coffee)

## Switch

- [switch.coffee](src/switch.coffee)

# License

See COPYING for details.

# Contributing

If you have a feature request or want to report a bug, we'd be happy to hear from you. Please either [raise an issue](https://github.com/bbc/webaudio.prototyping.bbc.co.uk/issues), or fork the project and send us a pull request.

# Authors

This software was written by [Lara Bostock](https://github.com/LaraBostock),
[Chris Lowis](https://github.com/chrislo),
[Chris Needham](https://github.com/chrisn),
[Andrew Nicolaou](https://github.com/andrewn),
[Matthew Paradis](https://github.com/mdjp),
[Thomas Parisot](https://github.com/oncletom), and
[Pete Warren](https://twitter.com/petewarrensnds).

# Copyright

Copyright 2017 British Broadcasting Corporation
